Name:

ShareJoy - Share Memes, Shayari, Status 
ShareJoy - Share Memes, Shayari, Whatsapp Status 
--------------------------------------------------------------
Short Description:
ShareJoy - Share memes, shayari, status to your friends.
-------------------------------------------------------------
Screenshot Captions
1. Splash screeen.
1. Memes Screen (Find Latest Memes)
2. Shayari Screen (Find Amazing Shayari)
3. Detail Page(Swipe Up & Down for navigation)
4. Customizing with Background Color (Customize your status by with Background Color)
5. Customizing with Background Images (Add Background Image if needed)
6. share preview
7. Like the content.









Long Description:

ShareJoy - Share memes, shayar & status.
Entertainment ka daily dose || Har din memes ka hahakar
ShareJoy is your one stop destination for your entertainment needs. App contains collection of memes, shayari and whatsapp status which we updates regularly intervals. The content is available in hindi, english and marathi languages.

Features:
 - Read Latest Memes, Status, Shayari
 - Share the content with your friends via facebook, instagram, whatsapp etc.
 - Change the background of status, shayari.
 - Save, download the content in your storage for later use.
 - Filter by tags to navigate through status.


Do you love to read memes?
The app contains latest memes and we update new memes every week. You can share these memes with your friends easily. You can downlaod and share memes with easy controls.
---

Do you like to share the your feelings via stautus to your friends.
The app contains amazing status collection which is growing day by day. You can customize and share the statuses to your friends with ease.

This app contains following status categories like
Good Morning Status, Good Night Status, Birthday Status, Exam Status, Sad Status, Amazing Status , Anniversary status, Insult status, Relationship Status, Romantic Status, Emotionsal Status, Crush Status, Attitude status, Friendship Status, New Status 2020, Cute Status and many more.
---


Do you love shayari?
Shayari is one of the best thing for express feeling with someone else. This app contains one of the most popular and creative shayari that will express your emotion for someone else . 
Once you will have this apps you can read and share easily shayari to anyone with customization.
You can customize background of the shayari with different colors and even background images.


This app contains following Shayari Category like
Hindi Sad Shayari, Hindi Dard Shayari, Hindi Love Shayari, Hindi Romantic Shayari, Hindi Pain Shayari, Hindi Breakup Shayari, Unlimited pain Shayari, Hindi Feelings Shayari, Hindi Dhokha Shayari, Hindi Pagal Shayari, Hindi boyfriend-girlfriend shayari, Hindi khwab Shayari, Hindi Ehsas Shayari, Hindi Sharabi Shayari, Hindi Mood Shayari, Hindi Ansoo Shayari, Hindi Tanhai Shayari, Hindi Wafa Shayari, Hindi Mohabbat Shayari, Hindi Judai Shayari, Hindi Dua Shayari, Hindi Bhool Shayari, Hindi Waqt Shayari, Shayari Jo Pyar Kara De, Hindi mai Shayari, Wishing Shayari, English Shayari, Punjabi Shayari, Entertainment Shayari, Faadu Shayari, Emotional Shayari, Shayari Ki Dukan, Mast Shayari, Fun Shayari, Hurry Shayari, Facebook Status Shayari, Whats App Status Shayari, Real Lovers Hindi Shayari, Pyar ki shayari, Hindi Bewfa Shayari, Hindi Love Shayari 2020, 2020 Heart Touching Shayari, Good Morning Shayari 2020, Good Night Shayari 2020, New Year Shayari 2020, Hd Image Shayari, Happy New Year Shayari, New Year Sms Messages 2020, Status Messages 2020, New Year Wishesh, Photo Shayari Collection, Latest and New Shayari 2020, Shayari for Girlfriend, Desi Shayari, Shayari Dile Se, Unlimited Shayari, Daily Update Shayari, Create Shayari, Photo pe Shayari Banaye,Hindi Shayari for feelings, Shayari in Hindi for all, Hindi Intezar Shayari, Hindi Lamhe Shayari
---

Disclaimer:
All trademarks mentioned belong to their owners, third party brands, product names, trade names, corporate names and company names mentioned may be trademarks of their respective owners or registered trademarks of other companies.


